docs: minor editorial updates (#345)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/error-handling.mdx

---
title: Error handling

> description: Learn about how the checkout drop-in conmponent handles errors that occur during the checkout process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how the checkout drop-in component handles errors that occur during the checkout process.
```
